You know where things always heard growing up was army food is terrible
that people complain about army food all the time. So yeah in the
marine corps and I started getting the food the food was great. Jeez,
I've really enjoyed the food they fed me. People in boot camp gain
weight the food was so good, of course that was put on muscle not fat
but it was good and I liked it. Then when I went to Morse code training
I went to navy base the food down there was wonderful. I mean
was was good and plentiful and healthy and I enjoyed it. And then I
went to language school was on a navy base we had good food up there
too, and that that was alright. And then I went to my first army base,
and the food was... We were in Vietnam and the food was not so
hot. And then the first year came and new year's day they give this
roast beef and everybody who eat roast beef new year's day in the army
Chow got some terrible ill and I ate roast beef and I was sick as
I ever been in my life. It was terrible, I mean a whole group of us
in my watch section were so sick except the guys who for one reason
or other had not eaten the roast beef. But they can be forgiven that
was a combat zone, so what do you expect. So then I went to Thailand
and because the way the watch section was going, we we usually ate
hamburgers in the club or we went downtown Thailand and ate. We didn't
eat in mess hall very much. And then everybody in the base start
getting sick and they couldn't figure iut what it was, and the CO
was going to cancel liberty because he said "you're getting sick from
going down and eating Thai food" and somebody pointed out to him "you
know the guys who don't eat in the mess hall and the guys who didn't
get sick" I didn't get sick and they found out that the mess cook
can't overlook the fact that the Thai workers in the scullery had
decided that it was too hot in there, but if you turn off the steam
valve to the steam sterilizer for me in the room a lot cooler. So with
that kind of a lukewarm temperature trying to do the sterilization,
people got very ill. So that was another army base so maybe it's
just army food, but the other food I had was wonderful